BREAKING: 13.0 Docs (#5315)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/guides/cloud/data-storage-and-masking.mdx

- The rendered DOM and CSS styles for the application under test
- Cypress commands and events represented in the Command Log
- Network traffic within your application under test
- Browser console logs

### Screenshot controls

#### Blackout elements in screenshots

Cypress offers an option to black out (mask) an array of elements from screenshots. [See screenshot API docs.](/api/commands/screenshot#Arguments) This allows you to black out specific elements on screenshots so that they will not be visible in the locally saved screenshots or to any users that have access to the run in Cypress Cloud.

Add a control to your [support file](/guides/references/configuration#Testing-Type-Specific-Options) to set the default blackout options for all screenshots.

```js
before(() => {
  Cypress.Screenshot.defaults({
    // blackout all elements with 'mask-cy' attribute
    blackout: ['mask-cy'],
  })
})
```

Add a control for a specific screenshot to blackout specific elements.

```js
it('admin page loads', () => {
  cy.visit('/admin')
  cy.screenshot({
    blackout: ['.user-name'],
  })
})
```

#### Remove Cypress Command Log from screenshots

> Cypress offers an option to hide the Cypress Command Log from screenshots so that no information from that area will be captured in screenshots. [See `cy.screenshot` docs](/api/commands/screenshot#Arguments).

Reviewer: some of these paragraphs feel like they end a bit abruptly. Not sure if this is the best suggestion, but it feels at least a bit more consistent.
```suggestion
Cypress offers an option to hide the Cypress Command Log from screenshots so that no information from that area will be captured in screenshots. See the [`cy.screenshot()`](/api/commands/screenshot#Arguments) command for more information.
```

Note that when `--no-runner-ui` is set, data from the Cypress Command Log will still be sent to Cypress Cloud to be generated and displayed in Test Replay if it is enabled. See [Disable Test Replay](/guides/cloud/debugging/test-replay#Opt-out-of-Test-Replay) for more information.

#### Mask data in the Cypress Command Log

There are multiple ways to mask data in the Cypress Command Log. Note that when these strategies are used, data within test definitions will still be sent to Cypress Cloud.

##### `log: false` for Cypress commands

You can pass `log: false` as an option to Cypress-specific commands in your tests to prevent the data from being shown visibly in the Cypress Command Log and being shown in any captured screenshots or videos.

##### Disable logging of XHR/Fetch requests

> By default, Cypress logs all requests that match any [`cy.intercept()`](/api/commands/intercept) in the Cypress Command Log, as well as all XMLHttpRequests and fetch requests. You can use `cy.intercept()` to disable these logs by passing `{ log: false }` in the second parameter. [See `cy.intercept()` docs.](/api/commands/intercept#Disabling-logs-for-a-request)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Cypress logs all requests that match any [`cy.intercept()`](/api/commands/intercept) in the Cypress Command Log, as well as all XMLHttpRequests and fetch requests. You can use `cy.intercept()` to disable these logs by passing `{ log: false }` in the second parameter. See the [`cy.intercept()`](/api/commands/intercept#Disabling-logs-for-a-request) command for more information.
```
